hello
hi
welcome to the gay watch
uh uh read with me for more zouche
if you couldn't tell i am scrambling
today as well
but if i ever
had a good reason for that
um that would be today
ever since i
got up and took a shower today i have
been doing nothing but making
appointments for estimates
at the new house
and researching major kitchen appliances
that has been my day i have been on the
phone
i have been oh i also scheduled a maid
for like a move-in clean
for when the house is actually empty of
all of the stuff that is still in the
hou okay
this stream is not about my uh moving
situation
which is extremely hectic and stressful
this is about um gay men in ancient
china so
let me just flip there
i realize i'm starting late today i am
so sorry but fortunately i actually
should have a very convenient
opportunity to have a longer
session on thursday because the wife has
to go sign some stuff
with the probate lawyer
uh on thursday and so we will have we
will have more time
to catch up with whatever the heck we
don't have time for today
but either way we're actually getting
towards the end of volume one and so
after this week and like
pardon me after this week and next week
we should be done
uh with with volume one
um
and then waiting for volume two which
comes out sometime in may i think it's
like mid-may
pardon me i still have a cough i can
actually
go see someone about it now i just
haven't had the opportunity because of
stress and house stuff and money stuff
and all that kinds of joyous things but
once again we are not about house stuff
and money stuff
for the next
45 minutes
we are about queer guys in ancient china
so
we are on
page well was 276 277 i believe we're
on page 277
let me get some water
ma'am
the wife is in the comments
saying things
uh we are in 276 i think we're around
the middle
no i'm a liar 277.
yeah i didn't even have time to
reacquaint myself with what page we were
on and what was going on literally up
until 10 minutes or less before i
finally got on stream i had a phone in
one hand talking to a plumber about an
assessment for getting washer hookups
installed and i was like punching my
face with a makeup sponge with the other
it's been a slightly hectic uh few hours
here today
so excuse me
there we go okay here we are
what song was just leaving
we just got in the download on his
very sad situation
i think i may i may have gotten
teary-eyed actually a couple times the
last episode
episode the last session
okay we are we are we are smack dead in
the middle of 277 we're right at um
after nihong left
so that is where we are beginning
if we still manage to get 20 pages in
today i'll mark that down as a success
then we could actually make headway on
thursday when we have more time
but anyway
anyway
so
once again
277 right dead in the middle
great way to start
after new hassan left exhorting and
pleading their silence all the way wei
wushan zoned out for a while then
suddenly he noticed lan wang ji walking
over and bending one knee to the ground
in front of him rolling up his trouser
leg seriously
he quickly said wait again
expel this curse mark first lan wang ji
said
within a day hang on june had kneeled in
front of him in this position on several
occasions
we're just gonna
we're going to both sail by and yet
savor the implications of that sentence
while the other party was exceedingly
serious way wushan couldn't bear to
watch such a scene let me do it myself
he quickly pulled up his trouser leg and
saw the curse mark had spread to the
entirety of his calf climbing past his
knee and crawling up the thigh
way wishing glanced at it and said
casually it's all the way up my inner
thigh now
lan wong ji twisted his head away and
didn't respond way way shannon was
puzzled lenten lin wang ji turned his
head back back at the call but his eyes
were still dodging about
seeing this sway wu shin blinked he felt
like playing a trick on him for some
reason oh for some reason for some
reason like this idea just occurred to
way wushan that he could like play a
trick on someone let alone play a trick
on wang ji like what just a new
novel idea he's having we never do this
wait ho chan isn't a trickster but it
just occurred to him clear out of the
blue sky
that he could play a trick on line 1g
it's just
oh
who knew
just as he was about to
just as he was about to tease the man
however there was suddenly a cracking
sound from the table
they both rose to their feet to look and
saw the teacups and teapot were
shattered on the ground an evil sealing
chiang koon pouch was lying among the
white porcelain fragments in the spilled
tea i remember this
the surface of the bag was pulsing as if
something was trapped inside desperate
to get out
although this evil sealing cancun pouch
appeared to only be the size of a palm
it possessed magical storage well it
possessed magical storage powers and was
soon inside it out with complicated
spells to reinforce the multiple layers
of the seal
lan wong ji had originally sealed the
arm inside the bag and weighed it down
with the teacup on the table but seeing
it so agitated now finally reminded them
it was time to play rest
if they didn't temporarily appease it
every night with a song then no matter
how strong the evil stealing chancoon
pouch's subduing powers might be
it would not confine the ghost arm on
its own
reached for the flute at his waist but
came up empty he looked around and as it
turned out the bamboo flute was already
in lan wong ji's hand
he had his head slightly bowed and
carved at the bamboo flute in
concentration for a while before handing
it back when wei wushan took it back and
looked at it the tone holes and other
little details were much cleaner and
more exquisite after his mending
god
i remember that part in the show
that i that's
that's a good part of the show
play properly lan wang ji said ooh yes
sir i'm sorry this
this reading session might be a little
bit unhinged as i
am a little unhinged today so just
i apologize in advance
recalling the duet they'd played that
was so horrible it had angered lance he
ran awake before making him spit blood
and faint once more wayward shan almost
fell to the ground laughing he thought
must have been hard for him to have
tolerated my playing for so long
he stopped playing dumb about it and
very seriously placed the bamboo flute
to his lips unexpectedly he had only
played a couple of notes when the chance
and pouch instantly swelled many times
over all of a sudden standing up
standing up
way washing scoffed and played a cracked
note what is it so used to the ugly
melody that if i play better it doesn't
like it anymore
as if in response the evil ceiling
chiang koon pouch shot toward wei wushan
the notes under land wang ji's fingers
swerved and with a sweep across the
gucci all seven strings strummed in
unison letting out an angry roar akin to
a landslide at this admonishment from
the gucci the evil sealing chiang koon
pouch collapsed once more way washing
continued playing like nothing had
happened and the tension that had
stiffened land wangji's wrists softened
he followed the melody of rest and the
sound turned tranquil and leisurely as
they harmonized
after the session was over the evil
ceiling champion pouch finally shrank
back to its normal size and lay there
quiet and unmoving
way was shane stuck his flute back on
his waist
it was never this agitated the past few
days it seems to have been triggered by
something
lan wang ji inclined his head in
agreement and turned to him
and it is something on your person
right duh
sorry i woo slow on the uptake
weiwu shan immediately looked down to
inspect himself there was only one thing
that had been added to his person today
the curse mark transferred from jin ling
and that was something left on jin ling
by the stone fortress of shinglu ridge
did the strength of the ghost arm's
reaction to the mark mean
weiweshan reasoned aloud meaning inside
the walls of the kneesaber offerings
hall there might be a part of its body
oh there might be a part of its body
oh that's a scene break
hmm
i just flipped it totally closed
what page was i on we'll never know
and then i speed water water all over
myself an unhinged session
didn't i promise you
that was 277 to
starting at 277.
nothing but the highest quality most
professional strains here on gay watch
at least we were on a scene break i
gotta say
at least i got that lucky
early the next day the two departed
together to return to chingle ridge
mihuasan caught red-handed the day
before had given up the whole unsavory
inside story he had called together all
the trusted sex disciples in the clan to
come clean up the mess left by the
intruders when weibu shan and lan wang
ji approached he had just gotten people
to refill the whole way wushan had dug
jin ling out of patching it up with a
brand new corpse
he wiped at his
he wiped at his sweat as he watched the
white bricks laid layer by layer yet
unexpectedly he looked back and his legs
went weak he smiled apologetically
hang on
and this gentleman
way was shane cupped his hands and
smiled
second leader knee building walls are
you nico song had wiped his sweat so
much with that handkerchief that he was
going to wipe off a layer of skin at
this point yes yes yes
waywa shan said very sympathetically and
with a little bit of shyness
sorry but we might need to trouble you
to rebuild again in a bit
new song replied yes you said huh wait
what
before he finished bchen was unsheathed
nikoi's song had to watch helplessly as
the brick wall he had just rebuilt was
cracked once more can we give this poor
man a break
a break
just a small one
tiny one
something
anything
this
poor man
it was always
it was always easier to destroy than to
build
i mean that that that's just a tourism
of life in general that is that is a
lethal accuracy
we wish and tore the bricks down with
insane speed who knew how many times
faster than they had been laying them
song trembled gripping his folding fan
aggrieved tears threatening to stream
from his eyes and yet hang one jun was
just standing there without any sign of
gesture sony huasong didn't dare say
anything
len wong ji gave him a succinct
explanation of their reasons and neef
wasang immediately pointed to the
heavens and the earth to swear
me too son
ain't nobody blame you
no there definitely aren't any the
corpses used in my clan saber offerings
hall are all complete there's definitely
no male corpse missing an arm if you
don't believe me i'll tear everything
down to prove my innocence but after
that everything needs to be repaired
immediately without delay this is my
family's ancestral grave you know
a number of the knee sect disciples
joined in and with others doing the work
way wishing retreated standing by the
side to wait for the result an hour
later more than half the bricks of the
wall where ginling had been buried were
dismantled of the sec disciples some
pulled on face masks while others
swallowed special red pills to prevent
their breath and human qi from
activating fierce corpse transformation
who a joke in there about masks
that i can't think of because i don't
have the brain cells today really don't
do not
in the black dirt sometimes a pale arm
would be revealed sometimes a leg with
pop veins there was also a mass of
tangled and grimy black hair
every male corpse was roughly cleaned
and placed flat in an orderly manner on
the ground some of these corpses were
already degraded to white bones some
were still in the process of rotting and
some were still very fresh
there were all sorts but all of them had
all of their limbs intact they did not
uncover a male corpse missing a left arm
nihwasang asked cautiously we only need
to tear down this wall right do we need
to take down more there's no need to
right
it was indeed enough the curse mark on
ginling's body was extremely dark in
color so the creature who left it must
have been
buried very close to him at the time it
would definitely not have gone
beyond the perimeter of this wall wade
washington crouched down by the row of
corpses and pondered deeply
then wong ji suggested retrieve the evil
ceiling chicken patch
it wasn't a bad idea to retrieve the
left arm from the evil ceiling shank and
pouch to have it conduct the
identification on its own
but if it came too close to the other
parts of its body they couldn't
guarantee that wouldn't make it grow
excited thereby resulting in a more
dangerous situation
and this location was incredibly unique
heavy with yin energy which made the
danger all the greater this is why
they'd prudently chosen to come during
the day
weibushan shook his head and pondered
could this arm be a woman's
no i can tell from a look whether it was
a man or a woman's arm
then could its master have three arms
he was just amusing himself with this
thought when lan 1g spoke up the leg
with that mentioned way wishing finally
remembered that he'd actually neglected
the fact that the curse mark had been
restricted to his leg he quickly
exclaimed pants off pants off
nihsang was immensely alarmed why would
you say such a shameful thing in front
of hang wong jun
oh we're gonna gonna
you want to talk about shameful things
we're gonna we're going to get up to a
lot of those in front of hang on june
what's there to be shy about we're all
men here waiting shan said give me a
hand help me take the pants off the
corpses this doesn't concern the female
bodies just the male ones
he flashes demonic claws reaching for
the trouser wastes of the corpses on the
ground we're panting corpses now
we're pantsing corpses now we shan
nihuasang could never have expected this
he had only just told the whole sordid
story the day before and today he had to
strip the corpses of their trousers
inside his ancestor's saber offerings
hall male corpses at that he would
definitely get a big old slap in the
face from every single one of his
ancestors when he himself died and
entered the ground he felt slapped silly
until he was born crippled in the next
life damn
tears streamed uncontrollably down his
face thankfully langmungji stopped away
with shannon in the act however just as
new song was going to praise him with an
as expected of hang on
june he heard
let me
you webushin asked you're gonna do this
the corners of lan wangji's brows seemed
to be faintly twitching like he was
enduring something and he repeated do
not touch them
let me
of all the shocks nihwasang had received
today
this was the strongest
once again boy same i cannot believe
of course linwangshi didn't actually
remove the trousers of those corpses
with his hands he merely used beach and
sword chi to lightly slash their
clothing revealing the skin underneath
some didn't even need to have their
clothes slashed since they were already
tattered
it didn't take long before he said found
it
the group quickly went over to see the
corpse next to lan ji's white boots had
upon his thighs a very faint threaded
circle
the thin flesh colored stitches were
dense and cramped there was a subtle
difference in the skin cutter
color
above and below the threaded circle it
was obvious the legs and upper body of
this corpse did not belong to the same
person
those two legs were stitched on new
hassan gaped
weiweshan asked who is responsible for
picking the corpses used for the knee
saber offerings
was in a confused days
usually it's the clan leader themselves
who picks and stores the bodies while
they're still alive my older brother
passed early and didn't have enough so i
helped him pick some as long as the
facial features and limbs were all
intact that keep the body
i don't know about the other ones
he definitely wouldn't know who'd snuck
that corpse in even if they asked him
directly the suspects were countless in
number ranging from the ones who
provided the bodies to the internal
personnel of the mean clan of ching
they would probably have to find every
single body part and put the pieces and
the soul back together before they
figured out what was going on
it took great effort to remove the legs
from the half-bodied male corpse waywa
shen tucked them into a new evil ceiling
shanking vouch
he said to lan wong ji looks like this
good brother was dismembered by five
horses
not only was the body divided but the
limbs were thrown everywhere one there
one here
what measure of hatred could have
prompted this let's pray he's not cut
into too many pieces
although nihwasang still said see you
next time when they bid farewell judging
by the terror on his face he probably
never wanted to see them again in this
lifetime
the two left shingle ridge and returned
to the inn a safer place before they
took out the three limbs for a more
detailed examination
i'm belatedly catching on to the irony
of nikoi songs
reaction
sure enough the legs in the left arm had
the same skin color if they were placed
near one another it produced an intense
reaction causing them to shake non-stop
like they wanted to be rejoined
unfortunately the body's torso was
missing so that couldn't be done but
they definitely belonged to the same
person
besides the few facts they managed to
determine that this was a man of large
build with long and slender limbs strong
and healthy in body and soul and
possessing exceptional cultivation
nothing else was known it was a
bewildering mystery thankfully the ghost
arm quickly pointed out the next
destination southwest
following its direction wei wushan and
lan wang ji arrived at the city of
yu-young
and that's the end of the chapter we're
now at what has to be
the last chapter
of volume one called the morning do so
i mean i don't i can't imagine a context
in which somehow that chapter title is
ironic
although i mean i've been appreciating
the the ironic chapter titles so far
like i hope we still get that how many
pages we got left
uh right that's right that's 350.
okay cool cool cool cool
uh oh wait this is a good question are
we
are we still in present day or have we
flashed back let me see no no we're
still in present day
it's just picking up with them when you
young okay
let me get a drink of water he'll real
quick
cactus
the corpse just wanted to shake a little
let him dance
i'm with you i'm with you on this
tarna don't worry about being late
i was late we're all we're all late
everyone's late ain't no big deal
okay
chapter seven
once in the city the two walked side by
side among the bustling crowd suddenly
lan wong ji asked how's the curse mark
wei wu shan replied jin ling was buried
too close to our good buddy at the time
so he got stained by quite a bit of
resentment it's faded a little but not
entirely we'll probably have to find the
complete corpse or the very least the
head before i could think of a way to
get rid of it once and for all but it's
not an issue
this man and his minimization
if that's a word of his own damn
suffering
i'm fine
good buddy was the fellow who had been
dismembered since they didn't know his
identity weiwou shen has suggested they
call him good buddy
len wong ji didn't say anything but he
didn't object either so it was
technically a silent agreement of course
he never used that term of address
himself
lenwang j asked how little is little
we were shannen gestured a measurement
with his hands and replied a little is a
little how do i explain it do you want
me to strip to show you
len wong's used brows twitched slightly
seeming to really be concerned that he
would strip on the street he said flatly
strip after we return
laughed then spun around and walked
backward for a bit before in order to
escape as soon as possible he tried very
hard to make himself unlikable he'd done
plenty of embarrassing things feigning
madness and acting like an idiot now
that his identity had been exposed
anyone else would have wanted to dig a
hole to hide to hide in out of
embarrassment once they thought back on
all the things they'd done but way
wushan had always been someone with
thick skin so he still acted like
nothing was the matter
that being said someone with the
slightest bit of shame would never do
something like climb into someone else's
bed in the middle of the night forcibly
trying to get into the same bathtub
demand to know if he was pretty after
putting on makeup or other such weird
antics
but he pretended not to remember
anything so naturally langmungji wasn't
going to voluntarily mention it either
the two had been acting as if nothing
had happened meaning today was the first
time since then that he'd made such a
joke
after he was done laughing way wishing
composed himself
hang on june do you think the same group
that threw our good buddy's arm into the
moan manor to attack your clan's juniors
was also the one who sewed his legs into
another corpse before bearing the whole
thing in the wall
in both the past and present he had
always called lanrongshu by his birth
name in his own head but recently he'd
gotten used to using his venerated sober
cut every day
besides using this form of a dress
carried a certain flavor he developed a
taste for it pretended to be serious yet
had an odd sense of silliness so he
continued to use the name outside half
jokingly
two groups nine wang ji replied
so we're of basically the same mind way
we shan said going to all the trouble of
swinging the legs onto another corpse
and then hiding them in a wall clearly
not wanting the limbs to be discovered
if that's the case then the left arm
wouldn't have been purposely thrown out
to attack the disciples of the land clan
of gazoo since that would for sure
attract attention and investigation
one took great pains to hide the limbs
away the the other struck rashly fearing
the limbs wouldn't be discovered the two
groups couldn't be one in the same
he'd said everything there was to say
there didn't seem to be anything left
for lan wang ji to add but still he
was in response
way washand spun back around and talked
as he walked
the legs hider the legs hider
the legs hider
the legs hider knew about the knee clan
of chinese saber offerings hall customs
while the left arm tosser knew the
movements of the lane claim of gusu the
two parties are not simple the mystery
thickens
one step at a time line monkey said
how did you recognize me way wushan
asked
think for yourself lad wang she replied
i love that he's just randomly bringing
this up again
i love it he's just rendered every now
and then just thinking he can catch lan
wang ji off guard
it's just like yeah this this a b c d
how did you recognize me
uh huh you're going to have to get a
little bit more clever than that if you
want lemon juice to fall for it
they went back and forth questioning and
answering without pause way wishing had
originally wanted to catch lion wang's
you by surprise and tempt out a blurted
response to his question but the attempt
had been a failure he wasn't discouraged
though and rapidly soared the topic to
something else
i've never come to you young before in
the past i always got other people to
hunt for information let me slack off a
little and trouble you to do the work
this time will hang one june mind
immediately turned to leave and weiwu
shen quickly called after him stop hang
on june may i ask where you're going
then when she looked back to the
cultivation clan that is stationed in
this area
way washand tugged on the tassel of his
sword and reeled him back in what are
you doing knocking on their door this is
their domain even if they know anything
they won't tell you either because they
can't handle it and want to cover that
up because it's humiliating or because
they'd adamantly refuse to let outsiders
stick their noses in esteemed hang one
june it's not that i'm trying to
discredit you but you really can't work
right without me huh
it'd be a miracle if you managed to get
any information the way you hunt for it
what he said was a little blunt but in
lang wangji's gaze beneath his eyelashes
there was nothing but softness
he answered quietly hmm
the way we shane laughed what's with
them
to this too
his mind was delighted at the
opportunity to tease only knowing how to
say he is still dull
how should information be sought lan
wang she asked where was shan pointed in
a direction by going there of course
the place you pointed at was a long wide
street along the sides of the street
hung showy store signs of various sizes
bright incredibly eye-catching red
cloths wafting in the wind every store
had their doors wide open and round
black jugs displayed outside
there were waiters carrying trays of
small wine cups slapping their chests
and recommending brews
the wafting
wafting the wafting
fragrant scent of strong spirits filled
the street it was no wonder way wushan
had found himself walking slower and
slower earlier when they reached the
intersection he came to a complete stop
and pulled lang wangji to a stop too
weibu chan said seriously
the waiters in places like these are
usually young and sharp-witted fast and
efficient and since there are many
customers every day talk runs rampant
word of a word of strange occurrences
never escapes their eyes and ears
then wang jing
and didn't disagree but a certain
assumption was already written on his
face you clearly only want to drink
way washand pretended he couldn't read
his expression
he yanked on lan wangji's sword tassel
and stepped into the tavern district
with eyes beaming
immediately several waiters from
different taverns approached surrounding
him each more enthusiastic than the next
try a taste it's the locally famous he
family brew
try this one ganji tasting is free if
you enjoy it and please come patronize
our humble shop
this liquor doesn't smell strong but the
after effect is sure to satisfy you
if you can still stand drinking after
this i'll change my surname to yours wow
having heard this we were standing slam
exclaimed great
he took the bowl of liquor the waiter
was holding and tossed it back then
grinned and showed him the empty bottom
of the bowl
changing to my surname
surprisingly the waiter didn't cower
instead he held his jug high and spoke
with more gusto i meant drink an entire
jug
then give me
three jugs way way shan said
the waiter was overjoyed and rushed back
into the tavern way with shannon turned
to view to explain himself it's business
we help their establishment first then
talk after it's easier to open mouths
after all that's been taken care of
lenwang ji paid the bill the two entered
the tavern there were wooden tables and
chairs installed inside for guests to
rest and chat while they drank there was
another waiter inside who perceived lan
wong ji's dress and demeanor to be
shockingly divine oh if that ain't a
phrase
fit for lan wong ji
shockingly divine yes
yes
i almost want to write that down damn
and didn't dare to receive him poorly so
he gathered his strength and scrubbed
the furniture hard before he dared
direct them to their seats two jugs sat
next to way wushan's feet while another
was held in his hand he bantered a bit
with the waiter getting chummy with him
before cutting to the chase were there
any strange happenings in the area
the waiter was a talkative one too so he
rubbed his hands together and asked what
sort of strange happenings haunted
houses abandoned graves dismembered
corpses that kind of thing
the waiter darted his eyes between the
two of them and said
i see
what do you guys do you and him
haven't you already guessed wade rashan
said
the waiter said with understanding
true enough it's easy to guess you two
must be some kind of prominent
cultivators who can fly around writing
clouds and whatnot right particularly
the one beside you sir usually i never
see anyone so
so
way wushan grand so beautiful
the waiter laughed aloud listen to you
sir this kung shi is gonna be displeased
strange happenings right there have been
some but the news ain't current it's
from about a decade ago if you head in
the direction walk for another couple of
kilometers after leaving the city you'll
see a rather beautifully built mansion
don't know if the establishment plaque
is still there but that place is the
chang residence
what's wrong with that mansion weiwu
shan asked a terrible case of clan
extermination
the waiter said you're asking for
strains happening sir so of course i'm
picking the strangest of the strange the
entire family died and i hear they were
all terrified to death
then when she appeared thoughtful at
hearing this like he was remembering
something weirshen paid no attention to
him and continued to press for more
information is there a cultivation clan
stationed in this area
to be able to terrify an entire family
to death it had to be the work of
extremely cruel terrifying malicious
ghosts or belligerent spirits
not every family had inescapable
unspeakable difficulties like the knee
clander ching ha
normal cultivation clans wouldn't
tolerate such creatures lurking in their
territory
the way the waiter replied there is why
wouldn't there be
how did they handle the case then
waywarshan asked
handle the waiter slung the rag over his
shoulder and sat down too spilling in
all seriousness the burden he'd been
holding back
gangji
do you know the name of the cultivation
clan that we stationed in new young it's
chang the family that died is them they
all died so who's left to handle
anything
the chang family that had been
exterminated was the cultivation clan
that was stationed here
wavashan had never heard of any chang
clan of you young so they must not have
been a prominent clan of any repute
but to have an entire clan be
exterminated was definitely a shockingly
huge event not a trifling matter at all
he hurriedly asked how was the chang
family exterminated the waiter replied
this is all hearsay yeah that chang
family one night there suddenly came the
sound of banging on the door and it was
coming from inside the residence
banging way we shan asked
that's right the banging was so loud it
shocked the heavens there was yelling
and crying coming from inside like
everyone was locked in and couldn't get
out that's just too strange ain't it the
door was barred from the inside so if
people want to get out just remove the
bar why slap the door it's not like
anyone outside can do anything besides
if you can't get out through the door
don't you know how to hop over the wall
the people outside were griping everyone
in this area knew the chang family was
an amazing clan of the cultivation sort
their family had i think his name was
chiang ping had a sword that could fly
and he could stand on it and soar about
if something really did happen in there
that the family themselves couldn't
handle wouldn't regular folks be seeking
death if they approached
so no one put up a ladder or hop the
wall to check inside
that went on for an entire night the
wailing grew softer and softer
the next day when the sun came out the
entrance to the chang residence opened
by itself
the entire household men and women about
a dozen masters and over 50 servants
were sitting or sprawled out foaming at
the mouth they had all been terrified to
death
the tavern over the tavern owner
looked over and yelled you're dead what
are you doing chattering about the
cursed dead of the past and not working
another five drugs way wushan said
then wangjii paid enough for 10 and the
owner's face immediately split into a
wild smart wide smile
he instructed the waiter keep the guests
in good company don't go anywhere
continue the story away wooshan said
with no more fear of disturbance the
waiter this gave all he had in telling
the tale with all the drama it warranted
ever since then for a long time after if
passersby were to travel in the dark of
night near the chang residence they
would hear banging on the door coming
from the inside
just think they were the ones riding
clouds cultivating and exterminating
monsters they'd seen plenty of evil
before and yet they were still terrified
to death how horrifying is that if you
walk the night road too often sooner or
later you'll run into ghosts even after
they were buried you could still hear
the sound of banging in their coffins
though they say that the family had
chiang ping was out at the time so he
escaped disaster
didn't you say the entire family died
wait was shane asked
relax i was just getting to it the way
they're assured
they did all die i said escape disaster
and that was temporary too
a couple of years later that master
chiang ping still died and this time the
death was even more terrifying it was
death by ling chi with a sword you don't
need me to explain what death by ling
ching is right it's when you take a
knife or a sword
oh
it's when you take a knife or a sword
and slice up a person
cut them three thousand and six hundred
times
until the flesh is all sliced off
leaving only the bones
um
vivid
pardon me going in for a second there
of course wei bouchan knew what lingchi
was if a burke were if a if a book were
to be written entitled a thousand ways
to die violently no one would be more
qualified than him to author it
he raised his hand
i get it then buddy do you know the
reason why the chang family was
exterminated
the waiter replied i heard it was a
setup by another cultivation sect
there's no doubt about that though
otherwise how could a group of live
folks live cultivator folks no less not
be able to escape they must have been
trapped inside by something or someone
the tavern owner afraid the topic would
dampen their good time had thus brought
them two small plates of peanuts and
melon seeds we were shannon nodded his
thanks then munched on the melon seeds
as he continued his questions
did anyone did anyone ever find out just
what that something or someone was
the waiter laughed hate that a funny
joke gangji
we're just some nobody's trying to make
a living what do we know of the affairs
of a bunch of lords who fly around in
the sky all day
you're all cultivators sir so you should
know better than me
i only heard some gossip about how they
offended someone they shouldn't have
in any case
since then all the evil things around
here were left running amok with no one
to beat them back alas
waywa shan wondered someone he shouldn't
have offended
that's right that's right the waiter ate
a couple of peanuts all the grudges and
grievances of all those cultivation
clans or sex or whatever are so
complicated i figured the chain clang
the cheng family must have gotten
targeted by other cultivators murdering
for treasure is a common thing right
that's what the storytellers always say
and that's what's written in legends and
romances to boot although i don't know
exactly who it was it seems it was
related to an infamous evil
overlord wayward shan smiled as he
brought the liquor bowl to his lips
side-eyeing the waiter
let me guess you're going to say you
don't know who this evil overlord is
right
the waiter laughed wrong sir this i know
i think it was some old pet oh uh
patriarch
yelling patriarch
oh
way way chan choked
letting out a stream of bubbles in the
liquor bowl what
him again
the waiter said with conviction yes
that's right surname way
i think they call them
chan
when others mention him they always
sound both hateful and scared
huey wu shan reviewed the facts in his
head and finally confirmed two things
one he had never visited you young
before and two
none of the people he'd killed were done
in thrilling qi
this was an absurd accusation he twisted
his head to look questioningly at lan
wang xi seeming to want an explanation
from him
len wang ji who had been waiting for
this look said let us go
way wushan immediately understood
lenwangshi had something to say about
this and it would be unsuitable to say
in front of others at the tavern he rose
to his feet
oh i do love me some way we shine
decoding len wangji's
like two words and a facial expression
let's go then the bill the bill is paid
right little buddy we're going to stash
the liquor we bought here with you once
we're done with our business we'll come
back to finish it off he added half
jokingly don't cheat me eh
the waiter who had already polished off
over half the plate of peanuts by
himself protested we would never this
shop cheats neither children or the
elderly you just leave the liquor here
sir no worries we won't close our doors
until you two are back hey hey gongji
are you two heading to the chiang
residence now wow that's amazing i'm a
local and i haven't even gone yet i only
dare to sneak peeks from the distance
are you two gonna go inside what do you
plan on doing
way way shannon replied we're also going
to just sneak a peek
from a distance
this young waiter was quick-witted and
very much a natural at socializing so
now that they've been chatting for a bit
he no longer took way we shan for a
stranger he shuffled over wanting to put
his arm around his shoulders
is this profession hard work do you two
make a lot of money you must right it's
so respectable hey can i ask something
is it hard to enter the trade
he was just babbling on but then
abruptly shut up as if stricken with
fear peeping off to the side he asked in
a little whisper
the gentleman next to you
what's he glaring at me for
way wishing looked over following his
gaze just in time to see landmanji twist
his head away and rise to his feet to
leave the tavern he said oh him huh that
friend of mine was raised in a strict
household he detests seeing anyone with
their arms around each other in front of
him isn't that a little weird
whew
my apologies
he detests seeing anyone with their arms
around each other in front of him isn't
that a little weird
the waiter socially removed his arm as
he whispered it is
look at the way he's glaring he'd think
i was putting my arm around his wife
i really must drink tea for this series
it's so satisfying
i've gotta i've gotta at some point have
the time to make tea rather than just
water
lan wong ji's sharp hearing meant it was
impossible he hadn't heard that even
though the words were whispered it
didn't make one wonder what his thoughts
were on the matter way wushan was
holding back his laughter so desperately
that he was about to sustain an internal
injury
he quickly turned to the right to to the
waiter
i finished a jug
huh the way he replied we wish he had
pointed at himself still standing
only then did the young waiter remember
that he he had said i'll change my
surname to yours he quickly exclaimed oh
oh that's amazing i'm not trying to
boast but you're the first one i've seen
that could still stand upright and speak
without your tongue tangling up after
finishing a jug
what's your surname sir
waywa shen replied i'm
then he remembered how the waiter had
said way with chan earlier and the
corners of his lips twitched he calmly
continued
surnamed lan
that is two marriage references on one
page
i say like we're not gonna get
a lot more than that in this book
but still
the waiter was a thick skinned one too
he announced loudly without skipping a
beat yes from today onward i am surnamed
lan
beneath the bright red sign then invited
guests inside it seemed that lan wang
ji's stride faltered just for a moment
way who sharon was smirking slyly he
strode over with his hands folded behind
his back then patted landmanji's
shoulder
many thanks to hang on june for the
kindness of paying the bill i got the
waiter to name himself after you
after leaving the city the two headed in
the the two headed in the direction that
the waiter had pointed out as the number
of travelers thinned the woods thickened
weiwoshan asked why didn't you let me
keep grilling him with questions earlier
lan wong xi replied details of the chain
clan of you young case have suddenly
returned to me i know of the rumors and
thus there was no longer a need to ask
before you tell me let me ask you
something way wushan said just confirm
this for me now um the chang family
extermination wasn't my doing right
even putting aside the fact that he had
already been dead 10 years ago and his
soul had been well behaved as heck there
was no way he'd forget charging up to
some clan's doorstep and annihilating
the whole family
it was not you lan wang ji confirmed i
see way roushan said
he felt like he'd been transported back
to that particular time in his life when
everyone had yelled for him to be beaten
a time when he'd lived worse than a
gutter rat he had been blamed for every
bad deed and people had dumped buckets
of crap on him
as
oh okay sorry for a split second i
thought there was a typo
and people had dumped buckets of crap on
him as and when they pleased if the
little grandson of the old lord grandpa
next door lost weight from refusing to
eat even that could be blamed blamed on
him surely the boy was just too
horrified by the stories of the elite of
the yelling patriarchs terrible
massacres with the ghost general
yet unexpectedly lan wong ji added you
did not kill them but it is related to
you
what's the connection wei wuchen asked
there are two lan wang-ji said
first there is a character implicated in
this case who was linked to your mother
way roshan paused in his step
he didn't know how to feel nor did he
know what face to make he asked
hesitantly
my mother
oh
and we are right at the end
this is a good place to stop
right before the download on way
wooshan's mother that's gonna drive me
nuts ah
but we are on page 300
towards the top of 300.
we made pretty good
yeah we made pretty good time
that was pretty good pages
um i think
we may not even need
three more sessions to finish this
we may only need two
especially since thursday is going to be
a bit longer
but yes
towards the top of page 300 that is
where we're stopping for today where is
my gorgeous bookmark there it is
huh
is it just me
or like maybe maybe i need to let this
play out
but is it just me or
did the show change some things
about
the the chang extermination
thing
because it feels like we've gone from
the show
which had the boys
showing up kind of right after it had
happened
or if not right after like a little bit
after because i mean they run into
the guy responsible
um
there
and they have that whole thing happen
but in the book obviously they're not
getting um
they're not getting to the chang
residence until we're already
like 16 years later until we shine has
already jesus christ superstar his way
back into existence right
interesting
i wonder how exactly that's going to
um
work plot-wise for a couple of things
and if so that would be the first major
yeah yeah yeah and allah they combined a
whole lot of things in one time frame
that didn't happen in the same time
frame yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
so this would probably be the first
either the first or maybe the second if
i'm blanking on something the first real
big departure
from
the book
aside from the general structure
of when we see the flashback and when we
see present day aside from that i think
this would probably count as the first
big departure interesting
interesting okay all right
huh
i'm still not over these freaking
bookmarks
by the way they're still too gorgeous to
be bookmarks
why would you make bookmarks this pretty
but anyway
that
is it for me today
as
always uh leave a note about what you
were doing this hour if you were just
following along doing homework doing a
project drawing what have you let me
know in the comments either right now or
in the comments below once this video
posts because it will the second that
the stream ends
um thursday will hopefully start on time
at 3 30
and then go a bit longer i'm thinking
probably about half an hour longer so
rather than rather than 3 30 to 4 30 it
will be from 3 30 to 5
or maybe longer we'll see how my back
handles it actually
um we'll see how that goes
we'll see how long we can go
but at least five at least five we'll at
least get another like
uh
half hour half hour out of it
and then after that it would only be one
more session so after that it would be
next tuesday
and then that'll be it for a read along
until may
which actually turns out quite nicely
but yes we were once again we were
towards the top of page 300
just to make sure that everybody gets
that because sometimes it doesn't happen
um
i read all the comments
so i will definitely see what you're up
to
and you guys are so funny
stella are you serious
you actually own a thing that i
pronounce probably terribly but who has
time to look up pronunciation guides
when you're in the middle of moving
heaven and earth and kind of everything
in between
it's either the gucci or the gucci
and i can't my brain can't decide on
either one but you own one my jealousy
ah but yes i think that was it i think
that was it so that's it i will see you
guys on thursday for a longer stream
and please remember to take care of
yourselves
and i will see you on thursday
bye